Clarify use of DFS for StorageID (#875)
MicrosoftDocs/fabric-docs: docs/security/security-trusted-workspace-access.md

* Configure a [resource instance rule](#resource-instance-rule) for the storage account.

> [!NOTE]
>- Preexisting shortcuts in a workspace that meets the prerequisites will automatically start to support trusted service access.

> >- You must use the dfs url ID for the storage account. Ex: https://StorageAccountName.dfs.core.windows.net

Reviewer: Hi @abudhu , can you wrap the example URL in back tics, and change Ex: to For example. i.e.
For example, `https://StorageAccountName.dfs.core.windows.net`
Thanks!

> >- You must use the dfs url ID for the storage account. Ex: `https://StorageAccountName.dfs.core.windows.net`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>- You must use the DFS URL ID for the storage account. Here's an example: `https://StorageAccountName.dfs.core.windows.net`
```
